//Laurin's Log/Diary

2-12-16
Started the Meteor tutorial, spent about 30 min - hour. Thought about design for the game. I like playing battleship with 2 grids, one for our ships, one for guessing the other player's. I also imagine the game having 2D sprites, those are easier to make. 

2-13-16 & 2-14-16
Went through Meteor tutorials (all 41 of them) and had a better idea of how coding is going to go. 

2-15-16
Looking up more information on Meteor. Made a players collection and started to make a signup process (a simple username is asked for). *Changed my mind, we can work on connecting and web server things later. We will lose less points as long as we get the game of battleship actually working. 

2:19 PM - Had to delete old project, it wouldn't run with the cmd 'meteor run'. Made a new project and copied over the files. I changed the header and the button.

2-19-16
Pushed new testing framework to git (Jasmine&Velocity). It looks much easier to use and implement than what I’ve seen so far. The tutorials actually work too. The lectures on clean code have been rather nice. I usually follow these rules now-a-days because of my teachers. It’s a big help in understanding and coding with others.

2-22-16
Finally contributed something today. Jason taught me more about how Meteor, Javascript, HTML, and CSS all work together and I think I've finally got a foothold. Made it so a ship is clicked and the ship picture follows the mouse around the browser for user interface convenience. 

2-24-16
Got the sprite sheet to work with css. Now when the ships
are selected the appropriate image (and image size) follows the 
mouse, but is not in the way of the mouse.

2-25-16
Realized I wasn't diarying like I should have been. Peeked at Jason's (though not throughly for privacy) to see how much he wrote. Everyday. He wrote something everyday. I hope I get a good grade on this anyway. Right now, it's 10:46 PM. I'm going through completing deliverables for our presentation tomorrow. I now have a document to hold them all, though they are not completed yet. The requirements document is completed, as well as some code working, both tests and source. Our diaries are in use, our user documentation template on the repo, as well as the design document template that I still need to fill out. Been working on this for an hour now. Going to push. 

And oh, changed our .rtf files to .txt file for more universal use. Decided our documents should be pdf's when they are completed. Like the requirement doc.

2-29-16
Leap Year Day! Yea! Today I worked on getting the ship images to stay on the grid. I did a quick workaround just using a global array, though I have a feeling I'll need to switch it to a mongo collection instead. Did code review in class, feel like that's one of the topics I actually have more of a hold on. My documentation skills need work. Which reminds me, the requirements document is done, working on the design and User documentation now. 

3-4-16
Need to work on documentation! But I had a midterm this week! I want this project to be completed fully so baD! Days ago I stayed up for about 2 hours snapping the ships to the grid. It wasn't a very good solution because I had to use absolute page positioning to get them where I wanted them. They show up where I click on the grid, but maybe they don't only show up there? I found a bug though. When I scroll down the ships are no longer on the grid. I need to find a way to have the ships position relative to the grid itself. It's going to be work though to get that and the mouse following to work together. 

Finished the design documentation-6:19PM. Yea!

3-5-16 & 3-6-16
Didn't work on battleship over the weekend, but I did push through other assignments from other classes to clear time to work on battleship.

3-7-16
Finished the User Guide! Whoo! That should be the last of all the documentation. 


